Bit Operations:
flipping bit
bit twiddling
bit hacks

Physical:
Memory Cell (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Memory_cell)

Logical Cell units:
Bit	(Binary Digit)
Nibble
Byte
Word, DW, QW etc.

Math is already an abstraction/representation beside the states set/unset.
If I use a char, which has per definition the magnitude of 1 byte to present
a number and if the number is 0 or 1 the bit presents not a digit, it presents a
number to the coder and he can make that number up and present it to the user.

The use-intention to show 1 as a number, may reflect a quantity or used as a state-
variable if something has happened.

Example Airbag:
A crash happened (event triggered), time for action, unleash the gas to pump the
saftey-baloon up.

A datatype like an unsigned character is an abstraction for a programmer to
control a fixed amount of bits, in this case 8 of them.

If the user of the program interprets the right use-intention is not fully under
control. E.g. if a displayed text-warning can't read by the user, the use-
intention does not work. It may be in the wrong language, it may be in the wrong
size or the user has never learned to read at all.

Hardware/device
the physical cell - distinct cell with a fix address.
the logical cell - we dont care about the address of the physical cell.

the cell or field can have two states, it is switchable
set or unset

morse code has 3 states, long, short, pause/nothing/void

representation - Software-engineer
interpretation - user

If I use a char to set traffic lights, numbers or digits have no meaning at all.

I am respresenting states by colors and I want to achieve an effect and I have a reason/cause.

The reason is avoiding negative effects on a flow.

I control, program, regulate the flow.

Decision making
Even my traffic lights may have no meaning to a person.
Colors are just colors, if you look at an Aurora.
If the receiver of my message is a machine it must be able to "read"/decipher my RGB-Code.

The message or tiding of Red is halt, Green is go, and Yellow/Orange are attention.
But I will represent BLUE as Attention.

Probably red/dark orange is like a hot flame or glowing iron.
Nowadays it is known that the most heat in a flame is the blue part, oxygene.

The 3 colors have no special meaning to a baby, they have just radiance.
We need to learn that we better stop at a red traffic light.

Psychology of colors (Color psychology) and sound (Psychoacoustics)
Ocean blue/greenish, pink noise - lost, absent

An integer has different magnitudes.
A datatype, even a native one, those that are defined.
